App of the Day – Apple
Best Apps for Parents – Apple
Trusted by 6M+ around the world

Solid Starts provides you everything you need to know about introducing solid foods to babies with baby led weaning, BLW, or transitioning from spoon feeding or purées to finger foods. Built by a team of board-certified pediatricians, infant feeding therapists, swallowing specialists, allergist and dietitian to guide your child’s food journey. This is your trusted tool to feel confident when starting solids and creating joyful mealtimes.

THE #1 TRUSTED BABY FOOD DATABASE IN THE WORLD
Learn how to safely introduce 400+ foods to baby in our First Foods® Database. Each food has detailed nutrition information, choking & allergen guidance, instructions on how to cut and serve the food based on baby's age, and videos of real babies eating. Updated by our team of pediatric professionals so you have the latest evidence-backed information.

EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO START BABY LED WEANING
Easy introduction of baby’s first 100 foods with simple meals for each food to take the guesswork out of meal planning. Learn with access to our library of articles and guides about infant CPR, recognizing signs of readiness for eating, fantastic first foods, introducing allergens, cup drinking, and more..

PERSONALIZED FOR YOUR BABY’S UNIQUE JOURNEY
Get our guided introduction to 100 first foods—complete with tailored meal plans that include recommended foods and recipes by our pediatric team of experts. We suggest new foods to try that gradually build your baby’s ability to bite and chew a variety of textures—and explain exactly how to serve them to make the most of mealtime. Common food allergens are introduced along the way, with step-by-step guidance to help you build confidence with each taste.

A PEDIATRIC PRO IN YOUR POCKET
Developed by a team of pediatricians, infant feeding therapists, swallowing specialists, allergist and dietitian to bring you the latest expert guidance for feeding your baby.

BABY FOOD TRACKER
Record baby's progress with a digital food log, log foods tried, track baby's favorite foods, make a list of foods you'd like to try later, and track reactions or sensitivities which you can download to share with doctors and caregivers

BLW MEALS AND RECIPES
300+ BLW ideas and easy baby recipes, toddler recipes and family recipes. Explore categories including baby’s first meals, iron-rich ideas, and quick breakfasts ideas.

WHAT PARENTS ARE SAYING

“It’s really the only app one NEEDS to have for a baby.” - Stephanie

“Every new parent needs this app! As a first time mom, I had zero idea of how to start solids. The content provided by Solid Starts gave me the confidence to start solids when my baby was ready shortly after 6 months!” - Shelley

“The Solid Starts app is one of the most used on my phone, as I’m constantly checking to make sure I’m preparing food for my daughter safely and to keep an eye out for what to watch for.” - Phoebe

“You gave me the confidence to do baby led weaning, and also stand my ground with grandparents/child care of how I want my child to be fed and food served.” - Laura

SUBSCRIPTION OPTIONS

The Solid Starts First Foods® Database is free to download and use. Upgrade to unlock all the features that make starting solids even easier with our All Access monthly or yearly plan, which you can try with a free trial.

All subscriptions can be canceled anytime. Payment will be charged at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless canceled or turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Manage your subscriptions by visiting your account settings in the App Store. Prices may vary per country and actual charges may be converted to your local currency depending on the country of residence.

Have feedback or questions? Please send contact us at www.solidstarts.com/contact

Terms of Service: https://solidstarts.com/terms-of-use/
Privacy Policy: https://solidstarts.com/privacy-policy-2/